Simplifies the pull request template (#6479)
BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Why It's Good For The Game

<!-- Please add a short description of why you think these changes would benefit the game. If you can't justify it in words, it might not be worth adding.
-->

## Testing Photographs and Procedure

> <!-- Include any screenshots/videos of the modified code functioning successfully ideally including edge cases. -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- Include any screenshots/videos/debugging steps of the modified code functioning successfully, ideally including edge cases. -->
```

<details>
<summary>Screenshots&Videos</summary>

> Put screenshots and Videos documenting testing and execution of intended behaviors here

Author: ```suggestion
Put screenshots and videos here with an empty line between the screenshots and the `<details>` tags.
```

Author: Put screenshots and videos here with an empty line between the screenshots and the `<details>` tags.
